JAVA LOCKS -
1) The JAVA Lock interface represents a lock which can guard a critical section, so that only
one thread can enter this critical section at a time.

2) image - Thread1 locks the lock and enters the critical section, once its done it will unlock the lock and
    then Thread2 can enter the critical section by locking the lock.
         - While thread1 is locked, thread2 and thread3 will be blocked from trying to lock the lock

3) The lock-unlock is written inside a try-finally block -> because lets say the operation
that is executed after the lock throws an exception, then the lock,unlock will still get executed as
its inside the final block.

4) Reentrant lock - as the name suggest is a lock which a thread that has already locked a lock
    can lock again and again and again .... as many times it needs. Once the thread is done with execution
    it needs to unlock the reentrant lock instance as many times it locked it.

5) Normal lock i.e lock which is not reentrant - cannot be locked again by the same thread.

6) Re-entrance lockout - where threads who are trying to lock are blocked indefinitely

7) A situation where the lock doesn't guarantee fairness among hte threads waiting to lock it can
lead to a situation referred to as STARVATION. This could happen when there are a lot of threads waiting
to lock one particular lock.

8) We can prevent starvation by making a lock guarantee fairness among the threads waiting ot lock it.

9) To make the reentrant lock guarantee fairness - pass "true" as parameter to reentrant lock constructor.
10) by default its false;

11) tryLock() will not respect any fairness in thread lock

12) SYNCHRONIZED BLOCK VS LOCK -
- Synchronized blocks must be contained in a single method.
  lock.lock() and lock.unlock() can be called from different methods.

- lock.lock() and lock.unlock() provide the same visibility and happens before guarantee as entering and exiting a synchronized block.

- Synchronized blocks are always reentrant.
  Lock could decide not to be.

- Synchronized blocks cannot guarantee fairness,
  Locks can.

13) The Java Lock interface represents a concurrent lock which can make sure only one thread at a time can lock the
  lock, perform its critical logic atomically, and unlock the lock again. A Java Lock is similar to a Java Synchronized
  block, but is more flexible and has more features.

  A Java Lock can be reentrant, meaning the same thread can lock the Lock more than one time.
  The Lock must then be unlocked the same number of times before it is fully unlocked for other threads.

  A Java Lock can guarantee fairness among threads waiting to lock the Lock, meaning the threads will be
  guaranteed to be allowed to lock the Lock in the same sequence the threads called the Lock.lock() method.
  This prevents the situation of starvation, where a waiting thread is never allowed to lock the Lock because
  other threads keep "passing" it in the waiting queue.

